[ Singing in Japanese ]
♪♪
Fena: Mm. Stop it.
Father? Wait!
[ Gasp ]
Wha--
[ Grunts ]
-Oh, Lady Fena!
-Lady Fena!
I'm so glad
you're finally awake.
Thank goodness!
You had the both of us
worried to death.
Oh.
You've been completely
knocked out for half a day.
Don't worry.
We've escaped the island
and are a safe distance away.
Salman and...
Otto?
♪♪
We really escaped?
I'm free?
Luckily, the tide and the wind
were both on our side.
You don't have to worry.
Lady Fena?
[ Gasps ]
Oh, I'm so sorry!
Mm...
I must apologize.
With you unconscious, we were
unable to ask what you wanted.
W-What are you
talking about?
This is great.
It's perfect!
Uh, but you seemed --
I was just kinda out of it
after waking up.
Lady Fena, we...
♪♪
I'm glad
I put my trust in you.
So thank you, Otto, Salman.
[ Water splashes, oar thuds ]
Lady Fena.
Your words are far too kind.
I would gladly walk through
fire for you, Lady Fena.
That really isn't necessary.
[ Gasps ]
Also, I was wondering --
What is Brule doing here?
That dog refused to leave
your side, Lady Fena.
Is that a problem?
Are you kidding?!
Mm! Oh, Brule!
[ Brule whimpers ]
Don't mean to pry,
but how'd you get that bump?
Oh.
Oh. It's from the helmeted
swordsman who rescued me.
The helmeted swordsman?
The pair of swordsmen
that saved me
were wearing helmets, too.
He bonked me hard
on the head.
Who was he?
You know, don't you, Otto?
Otto!
[ Grunts softly ]
[ Thunder crashes ]
Otto?
[ Gasps ]
[ Thunder rumbling ]
♪♪
Do islands usually
appear outta nowhere?
Goblin Island does.
[ Thunder crashes ]
♪♪
Ooh, looks like our guests
have arrived.
Well, what do you know?
They actually made it.
Can't belive
the old farts didn't die.
Yukimaru:
Our mission's complete.
♪♪
Are you sure coming in here
was a good idea?
This is the only way in.
Salman, dock us there.
♪♪
Oh!
This is incredible!
What is this place?
A comrade-in-arms
lives here.
Who's that?
He saved my life back
during the Spanish War.
Yeah, he was
a fearsome swordsman, indeed.
I remember his eyes
as clearly
as if it were yesterday.
♪♪
[ Sniffing ]
Ah, you smell igusa,
rush grass.
I imagine you Westerners
aren't familiar with it.
Yukihisa, we've brought
her here as promised.
And why didn't you warn us
you were sending
reinforcements?!
Don't get yourself
so worked up over it, Otto.
If their presence
proved helpful,
that's all that matters.
May I present...
Lady Fena Houtman?
You're as lovely as the stories
say you are.
Oh.
Nice to meet you.
I'm Yukihisa Sanada.
And I am the master
of this secret island.
Uh, and I'm...
Fena Houtman.
To my right here
is my colleague --
And I am Salman,
a Houtman knight.
Greetings, Sir "Shalaman."
Eh, no, Sir Yukihisa.
My name is not Shalaman.
It's Salman.
Shalaman?
No, Shalman.
It's Shal--
It's Salman!
Sir!
Master Yukihisa...
Mm.
...I was hoping that
you could tell me...
what I'm doing here.
Hmm.
Mm.
Very well.
I shall tell you
all about this place.
Certain circumstances drew
our ancestors out to sea.
But after they set sail,
they eventually lost their
rudder in a terrible storm,
and their ship grounded itself
on the beach.
Our great-grandfathers,
shivering from cold and hunger,
wandered an unfamiliar land
until they were saved
and then bequeathed
this place
by the head
of the Houtman family.
Since then, we have protected
all of his descendants
in the attempt to repay
that immeasurable debt.
Franz
was a very dear friend,
at whose side I have
fought in many a battle.
[ Gasps ] My father?
Do you remember
the young lad Yukimaru?
I...remember.
Mm?
Yukihisa: That night,
your father entrusted this
to Yukimaru.
He gave him this?
"Please protect it
with your life."
Those were
Franz's last words.
I suspect what we're meant
to protect
is in the same place
this stone came from.
But I do not know
where that is.
Many long years
came and went
with us unable
to answer that question.
And just as we were
at our wits' end,
I received word from Otto
that you had somehow survived.
♪♪
Lady Fena...
is there anything more
you might be able
to tell us about this?
I've never seen it before.
I'm sorry.
Surely your father
must have told you
about this item
in some way or another.
If he did, I forgot.
I don't know anything
about this.
No matter the cost,
we must make it happen.
To see your father's dying wish
come to fruition.
And as for the mystery shrouding
this stone he left with us...
Lady Fena Houtman...
only you...
can unlock the answer.
♪♪
Only I can unlock it?
Then we're doomed.
[ Sighs ]
I know absolutely nothing.
Karin:
Did you sleep well?
Over here.
[ Screams ]
Hi.
Who are you?
The name's Karin.
Master Yukihisa told me
I should give you
the grand tour.
It's called
an automatic hammer.
It's powered by springs.
You see, this was --
Are you even listening?
Huh?
Of course!
I was totally paying attention!
Sure, you were.
Fine, whatever.
I'll start again from the top.
This is a power hammer designed
by the brilliant yours truly.
It runs on springs, and --
Oh, I know!
Let's make you a tanto.
It's a short sword --
Where'd you go?!
[ Groans ]
♪♪
Huh?
[ Gasps ]
♪♪
Those bows are so pretty.
Are you interested in bows?
Their colors
change in the sun.
It's actually quite fascinating
when you observe the difference.
Fena: Wow!
It's huge!
But light!
And it's so pretty!
The dye is made
from sea snail shells.
The color's incredible.
Oh.
Why, thank you.
I never asked your name.
My name is --
Karin: Hey, Makaba.
Hmm?
That bow is special. He's
the only one who can make 'em.
So be real careful with it.
And there's only one person
on the island who can use it.
Oh, really?
Just one?
[ Gasps ]
[ Yawning ]
Oh.
♪♪
Ha! So incredible!
Each move you made
was like a work of art!
[ Chuckles ]
[ Gasps ]
Okay, she's all yours.
Care to try?
Oh, wow. Can I really?
Is that okay, Makaba?
Mm-hmm.
[ Giggles ]
[ Straining ]
[ Chuckling ]
They keep falling short.
Aw, come on!
I'll get it this time!
Prepare to be amazed!
Allow me.
♪♪
It isn't about
being strong.
Now watch closely.
I just need to aim
for the middle, right?
That's right.
Although don't let
the target distract you.
Distract?
It's sneaky
and will tempt you.
The target...
[ Gasps ]
[ Laughs ]
I hit it!
It kinda went like this,
and then that,
and then it went this way
again!
It went all "shwoom,"
and I hit it!
"Shwoom"?
Shwhooooooom!
[ Laughs ]
♪♪
You're Fena, yes?
I'm Shitan.
Welcome to the island.
If you have any questions,
don't hesitate to --
Hey, guys!
It's time for kobiru!
Kobiru?
Kobiru.
It's just a small meal
you eat
between breakfast and lunch.
Oh, it -- it --
It's like a snack.
Like this?
That's perfect.
Baste 'em with miso
and grill.
Tsubaki,
I can help with --
Tsubaki: Don't you dare set foot
in here!
Uh, wait. Why not?
His pallet is lacking.
Mmm.
Smells so good!
They're gonna taste
just as good, right?
Even better.
[ Gasps ]
She's cute!
You're Fena, right?
-Aah!
-Yeah, she's a looker!
I'm Enju.
Hi.
My name's Kaede.
Both: Yeah!
And we're twins!
-Well?
Kaede: Who do you like better?
Him or --
Karin: Yeah, I knew
I was forgetting something.
Allow me to introduce
these clowns.
These are ants 1 and 2.
If they ever bother you,
just squash 'em.
Okay.
They're ready!
Enju:
Hey, what's with this shape?
Oh!
I shaped it like a heart.
Do you think it's cute?
Both: Yeah! It sure is!
-Hey! Where's Yukimaru?
-He said he wasn't hungry.
[ Groans ]
Hup!
Tsubaki: Why can't you
eat like normal people?!
Yukimaru.
Hmm?
[ Enju and Kaede laughing ]
That's it.
I won't put up
with this anymore!
Come back here!
How many times do I have to
tell you not to waste food?
Hold still!
Raicho -- thunderbirds.
They don't migrate.
They've always been
on this island.
They're not the best flyers.
Oh...
It's been quite a long time,
hasn't it?
I'm impressed
by just how tall you've gotten.
Back when we were children,
you were always
a little shorter than me.
We called you "pipsqueak"
and --
Ow!
[ Groaning ]
Stop talking.
[ Moaning ]
You hit me again!
[ Groaning ]
♪♪
[ Whimpering ]
I wanted to --
That stone --
You go.
I...
I just wanted to thank you.
Ever since that night
on the Hope, I --
That's not necessary.
You saved my life.
You're not saved.
You haven't been saved.
So have you solved
the riddle of the stone?
Oh, this?
No, I still don't
remember anything.
Only you can solve
that mystery.
That's what
Master Yukihisa says.
I know he thinks that,
but still...
Nothing's come back to you?
It doesn't make sense.
There must be a reason.
Why else bring you
on such a dangerous voyage?
I can't figure it out.
But if the true purpose
of the journey
had something to do with you,
it makes sense.
With me?
I wish I could help, but I
really don't remember anything.
Would you grow up?!
Franz is gone...because he
attempted to make that voyage.
That man was willing
to give his life
to see his mission through.
You even a little curious
as to why?
In our lives...
we have
duties and obligations.
A purpose...
that's given to every
living creature.
Only a coward
would run from them.
It's just...
[ Thud ]
♪♪
The meaning behind...
my father's voyage.
A life's mission
tasked to those...
with a heartbeat.
[ Metal ringing ]
[ Footsteps approaching ]
Your hair...
It's different now.
Yeah, I cut it off.
Hmm.
So...
did it help you remember?
Last time I was here,
you suggested I was
the one person left
who could solve
the mystery of the stone.
I did, indeed.
I think I'm starting
to belive it.
That's why I went
and dug deeper into my memories.
And I revisited
that one day
I've tried to forget.
One memory came back.
It was of the very last word
my father said to me.
He said...
"Eden."
Hmm?
Where do you suppose my father
was trying to take me?
And why do you think
he was killed?
What possible reason
could he have had to set out
on such a dangerous trip?
If solving the riddle
of this stone he left
might be a clue
to answering those questions,
then I need to know.
♪♪
Hm.
His journey's over.
He'll never get
to complete it.
But I'm here.
In his name...
I swear...
I will pick up
where he left off.
♪♪
Lady Fena.
I can tell you that stone
is not of this island.
I don't believe you will
be able to solve its mystery
by staying here.
I agree.
That said, I'd still...
Oh.
♪♪
Everyone here should be
familiar to you by now.
Before you is the island's
most capable
and formidable
fighting force.
Each a mighty warrior
in their own right.
And in addition...
I shall be providing you
the use of a ship.
Do you really mean that?
I mean every word.
After all, it is our sworn duty
to keep and protect you.
Good luck, Fena Houtman.
Everyone.
Are we clear?
Together: Aye!
[ Wind gusting ]
[ Gasps ]
Oh, my goodness!
Karin, did you build this?
No, I only designed it.
[ Salman and Otto crying ]
It's my dad
who actually built it.
He's a shipwright.
It's powered by springs.
Salman: I don't understand
why we can't go with you.
Would you stop
your blubbering?!
'Cause then we'd have to waste
our time protecting you, too!
Men your age shouldn't be
bawling like big old babies!
[ Crying continues ]
Don't you worry about me.
We'll see each other
soon enough.
Just have a little faith
in me, okay?
Lady Fena,
remember to wear a shawl
and take care
not to catch cold.
Mm-hmm.
And be careful out there.
We'll be waiting for you.
[ Sobs ]
♪♪
Yukimaru.
Here you go.
You left your sword behind
yesterday.
I kept it safe.
Keep it.
Huh?
I was honing the swords
Karin had forged.
You use it.
Oh.
Well, thank you.
Your hair...
you cut it off.
[ Wind gusting ]
It's nice.
Huh?
Did you say something?
Sorry, Yukimaru,
but I didn't hear you.
Yukimaru?
Yukimaru, what was it?
Huh?
Yukimaru?
Can you say it again, please?
Yuki-- Aah!
Enju: This ship's called
the Small Fry, right?
Why did you hit me?!
You wouldn't stop talking.
Well, maybe
it just seems that way
'cause you don't talk enough!
[ Indistinct conversations ]
No, you talk too loudly.
As always.
Tsubaki: Everyone, quiet!
Shut up!
[ Singing in Japanese ]
♪♪